# Tuesday 3rd October Meeting

## Meeting Time: 3pm

## Location: Online

# Attendees:

- Yanan Fan
- Justin Clarke

# Agenda:

- Diagrams and figures in paper
  - Can I use some from other papers with referencing?
- Need to keep the terminology consistent throughout
  - W and \theta are interchanged throughout writing
- Maybe look into a way of setting p_g and p_theta?

# Goals for next week

-

# Previous Meeting Updates

- Trying to let LTH paper implemented as im struggling to get a meaningful graph out of xiongwens code
- Maybe look into an extension with Jery or Boris (not for now dependent on progress)
